README.md, before:

# Hello, World!

I'm Isaac, a software engineer and fullstack developer with 5 years of experience, who treats simplicity as the ultimate advantage.

> I build software to be easy to change and easy to maintain - because adaptable systems give you leverage: when the code is simple, you ship faster since new ideas don’t require rewiring half the project; you break less because there are fewer things interacting in unexpected ways; and the system stays useful longer because it can evolve instead of being replaced.
>
> I aim at creating clear structures that let me move quickly and predictably, but what drives me is the impact: seeing people actually achieve their goals and or desires faster and more easily thanks to something I built.

Feel free to connect with me on:

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/isaac-muniz/) | [Substack](https://substack.com/@imuniz) | [Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/imuniz.bsky.social)

#### And to [`visit my website`](https://isaacmuniz.vercel.app).

---

### ⚡️ Github Streak: 

[![GitHub Streak](https://gh-streaks-isaacmuniz.vercel.app?user=codigoisaac&theme=ocean-gradient)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

---

### ⚙️ My Main Tech Stack:

[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=ts)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=js)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=node)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=nestjs)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=postgresql)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=docker)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=prisma)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=jwt)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=jest)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=zustand)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=zod)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=reactjs)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=nextjs)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=swr)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=tailwindcss)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=css)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=gsap)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=git)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=github)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=githubactions)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=vercel)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)

### 📚️ What I'm learning:

[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=reactnative)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=python)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=django)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)

### 💾 Technologies I already worked with in the past:

[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=php)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=laravel)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=expressjs)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=mysql)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=sequelize)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=redux)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=reacthookform)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=reactquery)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=flutter)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=dart)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=bootstrap)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=n8n)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)

<!--
### Top Languages 📜

<img src="https://gh-stats-isaacmuniz.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=codigoisaac&theme=radical&layout=compact&title_color=d5d5d5&text_color=d5d5d5&border_color=d5d5d5&bg_color=080808" alt="Top Languages" />
-->

<!--
### Github Trophies 🏆️

<img src="https://gh-trophies-isaacmuniz.vercel.app?username=codigoisaac&theme=onestar&margin-w=5&margin-h=5&no-frame=true&no-bg=false&row=2&column=3" height="250" alt="Github Trophies" />
-->

<!--
[![Isaac's github activity graph](https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=codigoisaac&bg_color=0d1117&color=b9f9f8&line=b9f9f8&point=0e9f44&area=true&area_color=0e9f44&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/ashutosh00710/github-readme-activity-graph)
-->

Commit message:

Revise tech stack and add additional category
Updated tech stack section and added other tools.

README.md, after:

# Hello, World!

I'm Isaac, a software engineer and fullstack developer with 5 years of experience, who treats simplicity as the ultimate advantage.

> I build software to be easy to change and easy to maintain - because adaptable systems give you leverage: when the code is simple, you ship faster since new ideas don’t require rewiring half the project; you break less because there are fewer things interacting in unexpected ways; and the system stays useful longer because it can evolve instead of being replaced.
>
> I aim at creating clear structures that let me move quickly and predictably, but what drives me is the impact: seeing people actually achieve their goals and or desires faster and more easily thanks to something I built.

Feel free to connect with me on:

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/isaac-muniz/) | [Substack](https://substack.com/@imuniz) | [Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/imuniz.bsky.social)

#### And to [`visit my website`](https://isaacmuniz.vercel.app).

---

### ⚡️ Github Streak: 

[![GitHub Streak](https://gh-streaks-isaacmuniz.vercel.app?user=codigoisaac&theme=ocean-gradient)](https://git.io/streak-stats)

---

### 🌟 The tools I use the most and in which I am specializing:

[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=ts)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=nextjs)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=node)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=nestjs)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=reactjs)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=tailwindcss)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)

### ⚙️ Other tools I also use a lot:

[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=js)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=postgresql)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=docker)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=prisma)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=jwt)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=jest)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=zustand)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=zod)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=swr)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=css)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=gsap)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=git)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=github)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=githubactions)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=vercel)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)

### 📚️ What I'm learning:

[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=reactnative)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=dotnet)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)

### 💾 Technologies I already worked with in the past:

[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=php)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=laravel)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=expressjs)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=mysql)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=sequelize)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=redux)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=reacthookform)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=reactquery)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=flutter)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=dart)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=bootstrap)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)
[![Skills](https://skills.syvixor.com/api/icons?i=n8n)](https://github.com/syvixor/skills-icons)

<!--
### Top Languages 📜

<img src="https://gh-stats-isaacmuniz.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=codigoisaac&theme=radical&layout=compact&title_color=d5d5d5&text_color=d5d5d5&border_color=d5d5d5&bg_color=080808" alt="Top Languages" />
-->

<!--
### Github Trophies 🏆️

<img src="https://gh-trophies-isaacmuniz.vercel.app?username=codigoisaac&theme=onestar&margin-w=5&margin-h=5&no-frame=true&no-bg=false&row=2&column=3" height="250" alt="Github Trophies" />
-->

<!--
[![Isaac's github activity graph](https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=codigoisaac&bg_color=0d1117&color=b9f9f8&line=b9f9f8&point=0e9f44&area=true&area_color=0e9f44&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/ashutosh00710/github-readme-activity-graph)
-->
